hey what is up guys may the 4th be with
you and happy star wars day what I'm
gonna talk about today is the top five
worst characters and star wars history
at number five y tu e he is a slave
owner of Anakin and his mother he is
such an asshole he is driven by greed
and money and just power he makes a 5 I
don't even know how an old and again was
maybe like 10 6 he just looks really
young he's making him go out into a
death sentence to try to get his mother
back and free one of them which is
fucked up he has no other interest in
greed and money and number 4 we have
another asshole from episode on Sebulba
he is such a dickhead he was trying to
kill Anakin when Anakin and he's trying
to get the fuck out of this planet and
try to give it out of this fucking slave
ownership this guy he can't just let any
can win no no no no no no no no he can't
just let and he can win because that'd
be the right thing to do this guy has no
moral high ground and he does not
develop during the plot number 3 we have
c-3po he is just a pussy pretty much
nothing else to say about him he just
does not want to help Luke or Anakin or
r2d2 and trying to help them in their
quest no you did not want to help he's
just not useful to any of the plot and
number two we have young Anakin
Skywalker everyone hates um I think so
he's not a good actor the kid is not a
good actor each other fucking kept his
day job and he's just still making
millions off this frakkin movie he is
the worst dialogue are you an angel
Darth Maul so they're just like karate
chopped him in the fucking head with his
lightsaber and turned him into it angel
and he wouldn't be asking all them
questions anymore and it would have
ended fucking storage but hey whatever
at number one this is expected Jar Jar
Binks do I even have to say anything
he's just fucking
that's just our number one and thanks
for watching the top five worst Star
Wars characters in Star Wars history may
the 4th be with you and I'll see you
guys next time